El sejor y moduní, le mei una ese su la, por ludar loma que por, de chíde su la tu chí,
y en mi no quieres uno, por ludena que por, por ludena que por, de chíde su la,
por ludena que por, por ludena que por, de chíde su la tu chí,
y en mi no quieres uno, por ludena que por, de chíde su la,
por ludena que por, de chíde su la, por ludena que por, de chíde su la,
por ludena que por, de chíde su la, por ludena que por,
por ludena que por, por ludena que por, por ludena que por,
por, por, por, por, por, por, por, por, por, por, por,
por, por, por, por, por, por, por, por, por, por,
por, por, por, por, por, por, por, por, por,
Por, por, por, por, por, por, por,
por, por, por, por, por, por, por, por, por, por,
por, por, por, por, por, por, por, por, por,
por, por, por, por.
That's what I'm doing.
And again, we have the love and the time and the freedom.
That is the essence at the very core of the Dharma.
And with all the love, love and kindness, the compassion and kindness,
even we are practicing, thinking we are doing practices,
our practice has become kind of essence of that.
Therefore, this love and the compassion and kindness,
which is also, when we extend it to every living being,
is not as political.
That is very important and we should activate that with it,
with our attitude, more with it.
And with it, every living we have the joy and peace,
happiness, freedom, suffering, the difficulty.
But, well, you can say that every week,
that even for one minute at every week,
we are doing something beautiful.
We are doing something meaningful in our life,
in our day, in our time.
I want to say that we are doing something beautiful.
We are doing something beautiful in our life.
And with that, we were attitude and total.
Then and above that, we can add as purity understanding.
Purity within their things.
Ah!
We are doing something beautiful in our life.
That is very unattainable.
Everything is in life state.
We are doing something beautiful in our life.
As we went exploring with involvement.
All the forms are enlightened as the white umbrella.
All the forms are illuminated as the white umbrella.
All the forms are enlightened as the sound of the white umbrella.
We are doing something beautiful in our life.
All the space in our mind are very enlightened as the white umbrella's mind.
And that is, then again, what are these?
Form is emptiness.
Emptiness is form.
Sound is emptiness.
Emptiness is sound.
And the space in my mind is emptiness.
And emptiness is mind.
Do you think that it is serious?
For myself, it is the form of the body.
The body is the form.
The body is the form of the body.
This is immediately, immediately, immediately.
Immediately that we do not understand that.
The reality is that is what really it is.
And therefore, having that, we trust you or start that realization with our own mind
and bring out that quality is known as then for the purity, understanding of the nature of
everything.
So for example, when you practice and meditate, whenever you have the time,
and when you sit down on the cushion and reflect on those three qualities.
All and appreciation, bodhicata, and purity, understanding of where things are, we need devotion.
And then, I'm going to relax, stay in that.
After that, relax your mind for a few minutes.
Every time, for three minutes, relax.
Relax in the present state of your nature, of the mind.
After that, then for example, you have this hand.
Then you begin this, for example, these practices.
Now these practices, for example, I told this morning the importance, the power,
and the benefit of these practices already I mentioned.
But also, and I can speak a little more later.
According to the great master Raghasa.
Now these practices begin again when you practice as a native tree.
First is the foundation of practices, and then practices, these practices, and completing part of
the practices.
That's every practices.
Now the foundation part of practice, that's preparation part of the practice.
That start with the seven line prayer.
As you did this just now.
And three times, seven line prayer, three times.
Lineage prayers, and then all these lineage prayers, and then you do the rahum and bodhita.
A lineage prayer with practicing, because again we need to connect it to the lineage.
Enlightenment, the blessings of the enlightenment is the electric state.
And came through, the electric came through the wires.
And with the connections.
And similarly, blessing is coming within it.
With the connections.
And that will activate our nature and our beauty and bring the eliminations.
In order to make that connection and that bring that light in our heart and mind.
As I said already, to do that, first we need joy and appreciation and bodhita. We already
understand as many times and then devotion.
And devotion is joy and appreciation.
And through the preciousness.
And through the confidence.
So devotion is combination of joy and appreciation and through the preciousness and confidence.
And a good combination of the beautiful nature of our nature and the mind will activate our
beautiful enlightenment or the potential.
And that will call it of the devotion, also it will dispel our skeptical doubt and hesitations.
And that will call it of the nature of the mind or devotion will make our sound no settle down on
our own with a ground.
It will stabilize our practices.
And then it will make change and difference in progress.
Therefore, devotion is so important and for that, it also deepens the energy of our nature.
For that reason, we do all that energy prayers.
Once you build that energy, if you don't complete the lineage prayer, then make sure to do that raf
u and bodhita.
And that is very again our, when you take rafu to home, you are taking rafu.
You are taking rafu in the Vedra white umbrella.
And you are developing bodhita.
I think many of you already know, I know you know, but few of you don't know it is love and
compassion.
Find it for all 17 days with the commitment.
And that commitment in the courage you develop in that of loving kindness and compassion, right in
the presence of the old white amaret.
So, for those reasons, then you take rafu and bodhita.
And rafu and bodhita is not included here.
For those who, I mean, and I told this, like this film, this master, Rava Aksi is one of the very
famous masters in the Tibetan.
Buddhism, in particular, in a nimma, in a Buddhist school of Tibetan.
This rafu in bodhita is something that we can adopt of his own teaching that told, adopted, and
they added with every sadhana, that practice manual that he wrote, that you can edit that so we can
do that.
And Lord, then, for example, we can do this, the adopted rafu in bodhita from Bodhasadu.
And those who help, like Rava Aksi is the teaching of the practice of the Amitabha, practice of the
marriage, the Buddha, and from there, rafu in bodhita,
who only adopted that from that religion.
And Lord, for example, I think many of you have this booklet, but I can't comment on it's hard.
At 74, you added, you adopted this.
And it's in page 74.
Now, how we do these practices, I mean.
That is how you completed the Dini de prayers, how you're going to rest gently right in front of
your space as white umbrella.
She appeared right in front of our sky.
Exactly as we did meditation this morning during empowerment.
And she is surrounded by all the Buddha's bodhisattva and the Dini de masters.
And she is in volume and all the Buddha's three times in a ten direction.
And in front of her, there, again, to the stone, the wood, the yogurt.
Then you guide this rafu and bodhita prayer.
And that is here, again, I mean, it's already translated in Spanish, so the first two lines are raf
u.
The last two lines are bodhita in these four lines.
And so, in this case, white umbrella, or the very white umbrella, is in volume and also bodhana
sandals.
And with that, really understanding that I checked rafu, I'm going to make close connection to you.
Until I become the Buddha.
And make that statement and reading confidence and joy.
And then, the last two lines are the bodhita.
And bodhita is, again, rafu is a general to all Buddhism.
Techno rafu is Buddha, Dharma, sandals, all different.
And bodhita is very special practices of the Mahayana.
Our practice is not just a practice only for our son or my son, but I'm practicing for all living
beings.
I'm practicing this for my family, my friends, my neighbor, my country, all the living beings.
With that kind of talk, with the compassion, with the considerations of hearing hope.
And then, then join this phrase.
This joining is what you are actuating in your heart that you're pronouncing, highlighting, and
that letter by everyone.
And that letter here, clearly, by Varyasura Soti, and all the Buddha's bodhisattvas, and as well as
all the Sangha members.
Regarding this very clear mind and a devoted mind.
And our mind is not obscured or approximated by any means, with tiny, same notes in that clear mind
three times.
So that is bodhita.
Then bodhita also essentially is so specific and so powerful, so important.
Therefore, we are activating, again, reactivating that God in us, and one more time.
And that is known as, then, in the Buddha teaching, all boundless, all all in major levels.
All in major levels are in major level of love, in major level of compassion, in major level of
videos, or joy, in major level of economy.
And this is, again, this whole in major level is expression of our compassion, our loving-kindness.
And with clear understanding, again, we are pronouncing, maintaining our mind in that state, and
pronouncing that clearly, and we think that every living being.
And which is also translated in Spanish, so you will know.
By our loving-kindness, we all, living being, everyone has happiness.
And by our loving-kindness, we make every living being have the cause of happiness.
So we are reaching to the cause, and it is a result.
What is cause of joy or happiness? What is cause of happiness?
Cause of happiness is love and compassion.
And with every living being, they really have the great, strong compassion and still loving-kind
ness.
When you have the love and compassion in heart, or whoever has, that will activate it as a ripple
effect, or it becomes like a ripple effect, or the chain of reaction.
It creates the great energy, great like quality of the joy, the appreciation, calm, and peaceful.
When you bring that quality, calm, and peaceful, and happiness, that is not a thing of joy or peace
.
What is caused by is love, is compassion.
So love and compassion, it cause of joy and apprehension.
Peace and happiness.
Therefore, we make every living being increase in their love and compassion, that because of that,
it will, what they want, that will have what they wanted or they're looking forward will have,
which is happiness, peace.
And then, the next one is again, reaching, sincerely, strongly, reaching that every living being is
a prequel to suffering.
And suffering, difficulty, troubles, miserable conditions.
And not just only that, but we're also reaching, cause that created, created miserable suffering
and that uncomfortable, may also that go on, that need, out of that.
The fundamental goal and the conditions of suffering and miserable, restless, difficulties are,
again, this power of the emotions.
And the opposite of completion and loving kindness.
What are those?
Power, aggressions.
And then, very obsessive grasping.
And then, arrogance.
And then, gels.
When that is developed in the heart, in the mind, and that then, a reaction created to individual
ist and begin to experience that uncomfortable, miserable, headache, and then kind of dilemma.
And create chaos to that environment, to that individualist mental environment.
As well as that physical environment.
So therefore, fundamental, really, cause of the troubles.
What suffering is, is this negative emotion.
So we want, again, free from that emotion.
That, what is that? Again, love and compassion.
And that joy and appreciation.
All of that comes from natural, so beautiful.
Reaching that strongly to all living beings.
And the next one is rejoice.
And as well as, joy to you.
Rejoice is, again, so important, so powerful.
Many times, our negative emotions, we have all extendence of the gelsness.
And when they say, good situation, good fulfillment, and happiness, and kind of like, many times,
we kind of question, or we kind of like, not so appreciate what they experience.
You see that, any sense of experience of good, happiness, and peaceful. Really, we, they have
lasted forever that good for happiness and good things.
Not just only there, but we all living with experience, similar situations, similar circumstances.
Everyone has joy and peace, happiness, sincerely from the heart and the mind, when reaching that
tone. That is known as rejoice.
And then, the next one is, fourth one is then, economics.
Economics is me, that our mind, our understanding, but more balanced.
All equal levels.
Equanimity has two meanings.
And, equanimity meaning, one meaning, that we all equal.
And every living beings are equal.
What did he say? Emotional level, we are equal.
Design level, we are equal.
Feeling level, we are equal.
And what that means?
Again, feeling level, we are equal. We all want happiness and peace.
And no one wants to also have one suffering and sadness.
And the mental level, we are all equal.
And our mind and every one's mental level is very similar.
There is no really difference at all.
We like to perform, as we like to perform, they like to perform.
And we like to be successful, and as we are, everyone also likes to be successful.
And therefore, every level, we are really equal.
And the physical level, we are equal.
All the structures and the connections of our body is very similar.
Even though we appear in a variety of different forms and gestures, but reality level is the same.
Not just the living beings, even the animals.
And we want the same.
So what is really different?
Therefore, with every living being, there are other strengths of this economy, equalization.
And that is one way to bring equalization.
Otherwise, equalization is more connected to our mind.
When we are so attracted, where is that attachment?
When you're so kind of like, I agree, so cleanly, or we like to be distended.
Where is that mind?
Both are just exploration of the mind, the reality level, both are Indians.
It's not really existing.
That everyone is also same.
In the same level, nothing is permanent.
And something that our kind of, every part of our life, what we think is so important, so distant,
that thing is to be met, maybe so much like upset and emotion, so forth, to protect, or to maintain
that.
That part of life is nothing, really, that bit of movement.
Our kind of feeling, or the emotion, or the mental nominations are supposed to really change.
So there is reality.
That means there is nothing substantial, solid, existing at all.
Only mind, mental grounded, and the level that they hold on to them.
That all the kind of, what's called, all the process that they have.
But reality is all illusion.
That is reality.
That's the nature of where the nature is.
Trying to relax and release all of those emotions related to the kind of ups and downs and
irregularities.
Really release that, relax on the nature.
What is important is to bring more love and contagion, find it to every living being.
That is, that never changes.
Loving kind is a complaint of love, so important when you are young.
Loving kind is a complaint that is so important, we are in the middle-air.
And loving kind is a complaint that is so important, also we are on the more grown-up levels.
And any and any negative emotions are trouble-maker when we are young, when we are middle-air, when
we are grown-up.
And trying to activate what is good for us, beginning, now, and future, it is good.
For that reason, what the Buddha kept coming, a great feature Buddha said, "Love and contagion are
the bottom."
Negative emotions, anger and jealous, hateful, aggressive and obsessive are samsara.
And it's trouble-maker.
By knowing that, bring more realization of people in it.
Have we ever to do that? Then we are really maintaining and practicing perfectly.
And so with those understanding, do these four-boneless prayers again three times.
When you say these prayers, not just saying the word, but really trying to recollect it, meaning
that to the heart.
So it is the expression of the heart, not just the lips are strongly in the presence of the white
umbrella and all the blood of the Lord inside.
And then after you've completed this rafuk in Bodhisattva, and then you are right from Vedasara S
oti.
So Vedara in the white umbrella and as well as all the Bodhisattva emanates from the light to you,
to us and to all the living beings that remove all the little troubles and suffering.
And it activated our love and it was every living being.
And finally, every of those in Vedala dissolve to the white umbrella, and the white umbrella
dissolve in the center's heart syllable, own syllable, and that dissolve to you.
[Spanish]
Now, if you have time, when it dissolves to your heart center and the edge of the mind, it's
completely merged inseparable with your neck of the mind.
If you have time, edit it for one, two, three, five minutes, stay silent.
[Spanish]
Today, in Vedayana teaching, there is two meditations.
Those are, if I use the name, with counting, meditation, with silence.
These two meditations are also named in Vedayana teaching, visualization, and a dissolving state.
[Spanish]
And both are meditations.
You? It's then after you did. So, now I say silence, meditation, or the dissolving meditation for a
few minutes, every other time.
And now, where you are in that status of the dissolving silence of meditation, then you begin
practicing of this practice.
[Spanish]
That is, again, as in the teaching said, we look to this sadhana, very dream.
Say that "ah" and then chime this in a dissolving state. And also, I'm going to say "ah" in the
expressible beyond the consumption. Chime that mind every time and really meditate.
All, when you see this meaning, meditating in this meaning, for, again, another two, three minutes,
a quarter of your time.
[Spanish]
This, again, in the Vedayana teaching, when I say this deep black meditate is known as every kind
to simplify. This meditate has two meditations.
Emptiness meditation and compassion meditate.
[Spanish]
So, whose line is meditation on the emptiness?
And that, to kind of invoke that emptiness realization, we join "ah".
[Spanish]
"Ah" is very similar song in Vayana Buddhism and as well as Vedayana.
This is true "ah" actually. And this is called, like, it's a home "ah" that we join, that "ah". And
then second is this one, "ah".
[Spanish]
That home "ah", that is symbolizing the song.
That symbolizing emptiness.
[Spanish]
What is the difference between "ah" and the Sanskrit, "long ah" and the quote, "short ah"?
And the home "ah", that "ah" is long "ah".
[Spanish]
And this "ah" is short "ah".
And so, this "ah" symbolizing of the emptiness.
[Spanish]
And also, this "ah" is commonly used this "ah" as negations.
I mean, Spanish too, right? "Ah".
[Spanish]
So, this "ah" is "ah" is simple to negation. But this negation is not negation in this case. That
negation is conceptual.
This "ah" is beyond the negation, beyond the existence.
[Spanish]
This is the grasp in the claim.
Negation is conceptual.
[Spanish]
Claim negation.
This is beyond.
[Spanish]
Our "ah" is in the Buddha teaching menu "ah" is the source of every song.
And "ah" is the source of every display.
And when you find our "ah", also you don't have any lead effort. It naturally arises.
And for the Sanskrit language, all different syllables, every head is a different source.
It comes through a way to come in different master's, different kind of source of the body or the
head and everywhere.
But "ah" is the one that has no particular source.
[Spanish]
And according to all the Sanskrit, every song system has "ah".
And therefore, in the Buddha teaching, known as the Tantra teaching, known as the Vedara, then you
see namaskrita, or then you see mayajali tantra.
[Spanish]
And in that teaching said "ah" is the source of every display.
So that, now this case, what it is? It is ultimate, absolute nature of our mind.
[Spanish]
That nature of your mind, or my mind, is how that is.
Inexpressible beyond the perception.
[Spanish]
Look to your side. What was this sound? In the Inma teaching, what is it?
Starting and practicing together.
[Spanish]
They're not really separating, starting as a study and as a practice.
The spontaneous, we study, we practice.
[Spanish]
So, you should apply what we're talking here, right to your mind.
And find out where is mind.
And when you find mind, can you explain?
If you can explain, then it's not inexpressible.
If we can't express anything, that is all inexpressible.
If we can figure something about mind when we're practicing or find, then it's done beyond the
perception.
Send them nothing. Send them nothing that we can find anything to see.
That's the question, beyond the perception.
As our mind is in that state.
The reality is that all these phenomena are like these states.
If you look carefully and think more and more of each of those, nothing is ready to explain
anything.
I understand that these modern times, those modern physics, and the scientists are discovering
those strength heroes, physics and those congruent physics.
They discover, there's nothing to explain.
They went to the everywhere, through the material power, the analyte, the MSG, and there's so far
nothing to find.
But according to what the Buddha is teaching, all those great masters, their analysis, or their
mathematics, there's nothing to find.
The reality is that the level of everything is beyond the perception.
And everything is beyond the inexpressible.
Then what is this?
This is what the Buddha still thinks, a magical display.
It's named also "Illusions."
Not just some illusion and some not, but in the Buddha teaching, all illusions.
Illusion, in me, is bad or something bad and not good.
That's the way the nature is.
That included our physical, our mind.
That magical display.
So seeing that touch to the old bed of everything is an old and natural great emptiness, built from
the beginning, inexpressible.
And meditating, or being in that natural state, is known as meditation.
When we relax in that natural state, that is the common language, I think, "home touch best."
That is known as an emptiness, that is also known as worship.
And this is then also, it is an absolute mother, white umbrella.
The reality is to understand it, bring our realization, and dispel all those unnecessary, unbenef
icial illusions will be transformed.
And then we begin advancing to the different realization levels known as bodhisattvas and vodas.
So, as I said, if we have time, meditate in this state for few minutes or whatever your time.
Now this great, inexpressible nature is not brain emptiness.
And full of potentials.
Full of qualities.
And full of richness.
Those richnesses are known, and all that is important are known as in Buddhism, wisdom.
Among the five Muslims, one of the first one, wisdom, is known as compassion.
So where that great compassion arises,
from that inexpressible nature of the ordinal.
And then arises as great energy, as I've ordered for morning sunlight, with clear sky.
When you heat the sunlight in the sky, there's no obscurations, no obstructions, blockage.
It is the lemonade or clear, born of brightness of the whole sky, like that. The great loving
kindness, the compassion for this.
Completely perversed every way.
And then the great compassion is your and my nature of the mind.
This time that compassion has not struck with this in that place, it is perversed.
As in a light in this room, it is perversed.
Every time, in that state, again, for a minute or one minute or whatever.
Just be in that calm and peace and love and compassion, that richness is there.
And after that, that compassion, power of compassion, now came of the syllable Aum.
What I said here, by the Aum syllable and the white umbrella, I'm asking.
Now, what is that Aum? Aum is compassion, Aum is loving kindness, Aum is great emptiness.
Aum is your own awareness, your own nature of the mind.
Aum is the beginning of the entire universe of the pure land of the white umbrella.
This Aum is the beginning as the nuclear power of loving kindness. A big wisdom that will touch you
all, send you peace, and remove their suffering from the difficulty trouble.
Bring them joy, peace, happiness, to every center they will be.
There is an ultimate kind of essence, essence of essence, like in the way, nuclear of your own, in
it, nature of the compassion.
Yet, it is not substrate of solid existence. This is magical display.
And then, from that, begin emanating so many light as we discuss it this morning.
And so many light went different directions, contracted all the Buddha's bodhisattva and leaving
the white umbrella in the pure land of the Amitabha.
And all the blessings of the white umbrella's body speak to mind.
All came, those blessings, every blessing came in the form of the syllable Aum, white Aum, red Aum,
blue Aum.
All in the form of the white umbrella, and all form in the ritual objects, and as well as song of
the, definitely the blessing song and mantra song.
All that absorbed back to the Aum, white Aum syllables.
And that light, again, forms, the syllable light that came, to all the beings of Aum came and
attracted to all the beings of the sittarems.
And removed, every month, suffering the difficult troubles, whatever they are going through,
nightmares, completely removed.
All those difficulties, and completely kind of brought up, they are all in the quadrant of natures
of love and compassion and courage and confidence.
So every universe and world of the beings are, wherever they are, now already brought to the
enlightened sense.
[Spanish]
And they like to return back to the Aum syllables.
And in that moment, then, that Aum syllable, from that Aum syllable, instantly appeared ourself,
each of us, as white Aum red.
[Spanish]
And that was here, in a hard light.
That moment, I recollected it into the primordial, inseparable wisdom, and the Samaya beings.
[Spanish]
And was the main being, living with a white umbrella in a pure land?
Samaya beings in ourself, as we are committed to do breakfast and act light.
[Spanish]
Now, these two are no different, become as one.
That means, each of us, truly as white umbrella.
[Spanish]
And he is totally enlightened beings.
And we are going to maintain with this meditation, with courage, with commitment, with confidence.
[Spanish]
Not lingering without hesitation and attractor thought during these practices.
And then, this kind of white clay. So then, how she is.
[Spanish]
Generally, white umbrella has many different emanations.
And so, one face, two arms, two legs.
[Spanish]
And so, also different colors, too.
This time is white, color is white, and he has all these figures. I mean, that is what we are going
to do in your life.
[Spanish]
And so, and then, he has all these like, I think you have to put your foot good, and so he has one
golden face.
[Spanish]
And as clearly, great master Raga, explaining, two hundred are white.
Yes, as her body is white.
And then, right is yellow.
And left is red.
So, the left, right side is red.
Left side is, like two hundred face are green.
And three hundred face are facing up in the sky.
Those are blue.
So, it's clearly all that, and every one, every one of those hands are in different expressions.
And front head is very peaceful.
Front two hundred white heads are very peaceful face.
With smiling, with calm.
And left two hundred face are laughing.
With laughing, again, a different expression.
And the back side, three hundred face are red.
They are, in a way, very respectful.
They are yelling.
They are yelling, they are very, very peaceful.
Yelling, such as what?
You bullshit.
You, you ego claim.
You ego claim bullshit.
Baby, what's their goal?
Baby, master.
Baby, master?
Master.
What is that?
Baby, master?
Yeah.
What's baby, master?
Unbelievable.
As far as the baby.
Baby, as long as the baby, watch out.
Careful.
You, you, you ego maniacs.
You ego, you ego-holics.
Ego-holics?
Ego-holics.
A hundred of his.
I'm very wrathful.
And eyes are rolling.
Rolling out with lightning.
And immediately also burning all the obstacles.
Like magics.
Curs.
Saucers.
And the nightmares.
Bad omens.
And everything's really smashing.
And then it has all those three eyes eating all that.
She is just so powerful.
The whole.
And then he has 500 feet as he said.
And 500, sorry, one thousand feet.
One thousand feet.
Five hundred feet as he said.
The right five head.
Five hundred feet.
Right five hundred feet is slowly expanding.
Crushing all the, what's called all the pears.
That's what we go through.
All the pears.
Such as the whole pears.
We have both anxiety, troubles,
miserable condition.
Pops of the dead.
Pops of the old.
Pops of the sicknesses.
I mean pears, sorry.
Pears of the dead.
Pears of the old egg.
Pears of the, of the, all the difficulty troubles.
Really crushing pears.
And 500 left feet is a slight bend even.
Again, crushing all the obstacles.
Negative energies.
Negative entities.
And then she is so powerful as I said.
And said that, and also she has like 500 head.
So the last five.
One thousand arms.
Everyone is holding soul.
Immediately they are cutting all the negative energies
of every head of every living being.
And all the Buddhas, seven million Buddhas,
they don't have prawn chakras or prawns.
Prawns.
And right above her head,
there is seven umbrellas are spinning.
Now this is quite a play.
Oh yeah.
So that's really, she is the most powerful.
She is the most compassionate, kindness,
thoughtful, toleration.
And he is just completely overwhelmed
the whole universe or the samsara in the nirvana.
And see that, I mean in a sense clearly.
So see that clearly as we are sitting
with the right in the middle,
middle of the worst of flame and the rainbow light.
And then sitting on the sun and moon desk.
Standing, standing.
And under her feet and then in the teaching,
all the obstacles are broken.
And all the negative energies are broken.
And she is as the nirvana was the rainbow ball.
And that is what the really teaching said.
And when he had this lie,
I think that this mistake is translated
or I think when we translate it,
I translate it in the card.
And I think that even you can't hold that realization
perfectly, that is not exactly the case.
Even you can't memorize all this hardness.
All this hardness.
And so that means what?
Even you didn't memorize all these sadhanas in the mind,
but just thinking of "hey, hey" and memorizing,
"hey" is enough then, that's all.
So then with this thought,
and then time is following this phrase.
This is the essence of this approach.
All this what we went,
this is the essence of the Buddha teaching
and teaching of Gurdhva Masumbha
by this great master Raga Aksi.
But this following and nine,
nine, this is Buddha's teaching.
All that, she came actually from chakra of the Buddha
and she uttered all the teachings.
So that means this is her teaching
and this is the teaching of the Buddha Shakyamuni.
So this is like mantras.
So then...
And then you join this one again.
So to prompt this bed one and all the way to bed eleven,
and tell her, "Shiva can think for a year so far."
And that is also very clear by this great master Raga Aksi said,
"You can do seven times is great,
and then medium is five times.
At least do three times."
And then we can relate on the meditation
of white umbrella as we all saw.
And then you join this bed twelve.
There is three mantras.
One is the longest and one is the top.
And again, every time you do these first one, long one, twenty-one times.
That is the principle part of the practice.
And then, concluding of the practices,
and then part of this is...
Right after this mantra, the thought mantra,
then you meditate.
Now this silence meditates.
And now silence meditations and is, then, now,
where your white umbrella is dissolved.
So that means after this chiding seven times,
you talk mandana, then white umbrella is dissolved.
The way it is dissolved, you can do all those mandana of the Buddhas,
and all those are dissolved to the head.
And here, all body and everything is dissolved to the own syllables.
Our own syllables dissolve to that great emptiness,
as old in the nature as we started.
And then meditate in that status as long as you have five,
five minutes, ten minutes, or whatever you have.
During the meditation, how are you going to meditate?
And that is, again, this great mantra says so clearly.
It didn't translate exactly that really clearly into English,
but it's translated from some way roughly in the page quoted.
And look to your own mind, clearly and calmly.
Truly, inwardly.
Where there is nothing to see.
So stay in that status.
Straight as long as you have time.
And that is a clear comment that when you look into your own nature of the mind,
of your mind, it's calm, it's clear.
It is like a billion.
Yet there's nothing to explain.
And they're collapsing that nature.
That is the absolute state of the Mother White umbrella.
And so keep that meditation as you have said many times.
So that is the first part of the practice.
And then, completing part of the practice is the dedication.
And the dedication practices, as it teaches here, say,
that by the merit of this meditation and recitation
of all these prayers, guide this, this,
and then do your other reading and pray as we have.
So that is the break by instructions or teachings on this White umbrella.
And then, and now, if you have some questions, I will discuss.
And after that, I will give the translation of these practices.
We do these practices together one time.
[ Inaudible ]
So there is the [inaudible] again.
Okay, this has three mantras.
[ Inaudible ]
One is long, one is medium, one is short.
The long mantras started with the page nine
and through the page 11 of other sixes.
And then the [inaudible]
So that is long mantras.
[ Inaudible ]
Perhaps the age nine.
Yeah, yeah, I will tell that.
Long mantras.
So long mantras, long, long mantras is the page nine
to page 10 and 11, 5 to 11.
Okay.
[ Inaudible ]
Yeah, yeah.
And as I said, this is the teaching of the Buddha.
This is what the white umbrella spoke when he appeared
from the front chakra of the Buddha.
[ Inaudible ]
It is the mantra.
Then the middle mantra is in page 12.
[ Inaudible ]
And that is then is like [inaudible]
That is second mantra, the medium mantra.
[ Inaudible ]
And then short mantra is [inaudible]
And then the meaning of the mantra, all this transcendental,
is already there, but it is really nothing important.
Knowing the meaning or not knowing the meaning.
Power of mantra comes by the reputation.
Besides the mantra of meditation, all the power comes.
It's exactly same as for some when we take the medicine.
We know what are ingredients of the medicine.
If we know that, it is good.
But that doesn't really have anything to do particularly
to cure our disease.
We should take the medicine as a doctor's instructor
and take that.
It will help.
And finally, meaning of the mantra is not big and important
to know the practices.
[ Inaudible ]